hi guys this is just a quick video to
show you how to connect your BlackBerry
PlayBook to your Mac over Wi-Fi and
mount it as a drive so first of all they
both need to be connected to the same
Wi-Fi network and on the blackberry you
just need to tap the Settings icon at
the top right the one that looks like a
cog and then look for storage and
sharing on the left and turn on the
file-sharing option you'll see warning
about setting a password and if you want
to set the password there's an option
when you scroll down to set a password
I'm just on my home network so I'm not
going to bother setting a password right
now
and then you just need to make a note of
your IP address which you can find by
typing about and then selecting network
in the drop down box and it's the ipv4
address that you want in this case it's
and moving over to the Mac now in the
finder you want to select the goal menu
and then connect to server'
and then on the server - you need to
type SMB colon forward slash forward
slash followed by the IP address of your
playbook so I'm putting 192.168.0.1 and
then click on the connect button and if
you enter the password on the playbook
this is where you will enter that
password now I didn't so I'm just going
to connect as guest and then it will ask
you which volumes you want to mount and
the important one is media because that
is where all of the files are stored on
the playbook so just select media and
then click the ok button and you should
find out that you have access to all of
the files and folders that are stored on
the playbook so you have books camera
documents downloads photos and you can
just drag and drop files to and from the
playbook from your Mac desktop
and you'll also notice that the playbook
is listed now under shares in the Finder
window
to get the playbook to appear
drive on your Mac desktop you just need
to go into finder preferences and then
under the options show these discs on
the desktop make sure that connected
service is ticked and you'll see that an
icon now appears for each of the volumes
on the blackberry
you